Update help documentation for minimum inclusive version range (#442)
PowerShell/PowerShellGet: help/Update-PSResource.md

```

### -Version

> Specifies the version of the resource to be updated to.
> Can be an exact version or a version range, using the NuGet versioning syntax.
> 
> Expected NuGet Version/Version Range format is documented here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/concepts/package-versioning#version-ranges.
> 
> All but the "minimum inclusive version" listed in the NuGet Version/Version Range documentation above are
> supported. The NuGet version documentation suggested minimum inclusive version will be considered as a required version instead in PowerShellGet.
> So inputting "1.0.0.0" as the version won't yield versions 1.0.0.0 and higher (minimum inclusive range)
> but instead will consider that as the required version and yield version 1.0.0.0 only (required version). To use the minimum inclusive range, provide "[1.0.0.0, ]" as the version range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the version of the resource to be returned. Can be an exact version or a version range,
using the NuGet versioning syntax.

For more information about NuGet version ranges, see [Package versioning](/nuget/concepts/package-versioning#version-ranges)

PowerShellGet supports all but the _minimum inclusive version_ listed in the NuGet version range
documentation. So inputting "1.0.0.0" as the version won't yield versions 1.0.0.0 and higher
(minimum inclusive range) but instead will consider that as the required version and yield version
1.0.0.0 only (required version). To use the minimum inclusive range, provide `[1.0.0.0, ]` as the
version range.
```
